GettingAndCleaningProject
=========================

Project Assignment for Corusera Getting and Cleaning Data - June 2014

This project satisfies the requirements for the required project as part
of the Coursera Getting and Cleaning Data Course. The requirements for the
project are described below.

Create one R script called run_analysis.R that does the following: 
-  Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
-  Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 
-  Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
-  Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. 
-  Creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each 
   activity and each subject. 

The data set required for the project can be found at:

  http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones

Deliverables included in the project are described below.

1. README.md - This file
2. run_analysis.R script - generated the .txt data sets below
3. train_test_mean.txt - See CodeBookTestTrain.pdf
4. average_by_subject_activity.txt - See CodeBookAvgSubjAct.pdf
5. CodeBookTrainTest.pdf - code book for the data set in (3)
6. CodeBookAvgSubjAct.pdf - code book for the data set in (4)
7. es2013-84.pdf - published paper describing how the original data
                   was generated

The data sets in (3) and (4) can be generated by running the run_analysis.R script.
The run_analysis.R script assumes the user has pointed to a working directory with
which contains the data (from the URL above). The data dir containing the data is 
assumed to have a directory named "UCI HAR Dataset" ssith the same subdirectory 
structure delived by unzipping the data. The output files produced by the
run_analysis.R script are placed under the "UCI HAR Dataset" directory.
